In our hypothesis test using bootstrapping, we obtained a relatively large p-value 0.646 > 0.05, thus we would not reject our null hypothese at a significant level 5%. Similarly, in our hypothesis test using asymptotics based on CLT, we obtained a p-value 0.610 > 0.05, thus would not reject our null hypothese at a significant level 5% either. Therefore, we would like to conclude that there's no strong evidence to reject the hypothesis that the mean of goal difference is the same for two coaches. In this case, we are subject to commit a Type II error.

We obtained a confidence interval [-0.687, 0.457] for the difference in means (new coach - old coach) of goal difference using bootstrapping. We obtained a narrower confidence interval [-0.543, 0.385] for the difference in means (new coach - old coach) of goal difference based on CLT due to less uncertainty. We obtained an estimate that the mean goal difference for the later coach is 0.079 lower than the new coach and we are 95% confident that the true difference in means is captured by the interval. 

Since 0 is within both confidence intervals, they are compatible with our conclusion on hypothesis tests.

Based on the statistical inference methods we have done on our dataset, we would like to conclude that there is no strong evidence indicating that replacing the coach Jose Mourinho with Ole Gunnar Solskjær have improved the Manchester United’s performance significantly so far. This result is what we expect to find, because the sample is random and representative of all United's matches coached under these two coaches.

This finding implies that the replacement of coach back in December 2018 does not turn out be a wise decision on improving the United team's performance on a significant level. It would give insight to the stakeholders of Manchester United, such as its managers, sponsors, fans, etc. It would shed light on future coach changes and other decision making for the team. For example, the managers can anticipate higher goal difference leads to more attendance relative to capacity and view goal difference as an indicator of title-winning in the premier league.

This study could lead to the following future questions. First, whether we can do hypothesis testing on a different measurement of performance, the win, lose, and draw proportion before and after coach changes, given that the difference in means of goal difference is small. Second, similar to the ELO system, whether we can take more explanaroty variables into account, as it is not comprehensive to ascribe the performance of the team entirely to its coach.